[Python Compiler] Add AllocQubitOp and DeallocQubitOp to quantum dialect (#7915)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  measurement-based quantum-computing instructions in the xDSL framework.
  [(#7815)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7815)

> * Add `AllocQubitOp` and `DeallocQubitOp` to the quantum dialect in Python compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `AllocQubitOp` and `DeallocQubitOp` operations have been added to the quantum dialect in the
  Python compiler.
```

Erick Ochoa,
Mudit Pandey,
Andrija Paurevic,

> Shuli, Shu

Reviewer: :wink: 

```suggestion
Shuli Shu,
```
